This repository serves as a means to publlicly showcase a project, Wavelength, that I worked on using React, Auth0, MongoDB, and Zoom. Visit my live product demo [here.](https://wavelength-vghfw.mongodbstitch.com/)



## Project Info

This project is a tutoring coordination web application that connects students, in need of help, with knowledgeable tutors. This will be a two-sided platform, one being the student and the other being the tutor. I make use of an authorization service to allow both students and tutors to create accounts based on their roles and to tailor their user experiences. There are two unique sides to the platform that will be come together to create one cohesive platform. I have used developer tools from Zoom to help with coordinating meetings and facilitate tutoring sessions and the developer tools from Slack to help with not only coordinating meetings but to serve as a communication hub of sorts for topics, groups, schools, and more. We want to promote and facilitate as much communication as we can on our platform to ensure everyone is on the same “WaveLength.” We are also aware of how busy schedules can be and how quick it can be to lose track of time and not be mindful of appointments so we intent to integrate calendars in our platform using developer tools from Google, specifically from their Google Calendar toolset which impressively aligns with our purposes and use cases. This application will be beneficial seeing that many students are preferring to attend school virtual due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and our applications allow students to get necessary tutoring without having to meet with the tutor in person. As a result, both parties can save on transportation costs and benefit from attending sessions in the comfort of their own homes and notably further prevent the spread of COVID-19. We know that there is a huge market of student’s who would appreciate our platform as many schools have been pushed online these past few semesters and students of all ages and all walks of life have been effectively “left behind” and are subsequently not performing as optimally as they would under normal circumstances. A key feature of our application is students are not limited to the tutors that are available to them from their respected schools. These students will have access to resources from all around the country. Our platform wants to promote accessibility as it is one of key values and one of our chief motivators; we want WaveLength to be accessible to students who need help and tutors who would like to offer their insight, knowledge, and guidance.


## Known Bugs

Responsive scaling on mobile devices. 